# Raiders-Manual
IP Grabbing    Although IP Grabify has gotten more accurate, it is not always exact. To get the exact location of an enemy, create a new account, get the email and password, send it to them, wait for them to login. Once they login, check the accounts email inbox and the IP address should be there. This may not work as some people use VPNs.    Spying    Spying/Infiltrating isn't that complicated. Set up another account and find a furry profile picture on Google. Make your name something with a few emojis and a "kawaii" name. If you are out on a spying mission for a raid, try and gain a friendship with the owner or a few admins and members.   Raiding    Raiding is a complicated process. It can take a very long time to successfully accomplish a raid. Raiding and flooding are two totally different things. Raiding is destroying ones server. Flooding is using; bots, tokens, or your hands to mass message in a server. To raid a server, make friends with the owner or admins. This will increase your chance of getting admin/mod in the server. After you get admin, send a message in the general chat saying that you got it. Get somebody to give you an invite so that it can not be traced back to you. After we're all in, make a muted role that has admin permissions on it. Give it to us and we'll all destroy the server   FOR RAIDING I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU USE AN ALT.    Flooding    Flooding is the easier stuff. There is 3 ways I know that you can flood. The first method being by hand. See if a channel has the @everyone ping on. If it does, copy and paste the ping and get to spamming! The second way is by a bot. To do this, you will have to get a bot that can spam messages. After you have the bot you have to get an admin to add the bot. If they add it in, you can type in the command and have it spam ping. The third way is using a tool. A tool is a downloadable executable file that uses tokens to spam messages. I primarily use DiscordHaxx but there is a lot more. Be careful while downloading these programs as some can be actual viruses. To do this method you have to have a Windows running computer/laptop. If you don't know how to get a user token for the tool, watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv-H68OwsIA Note: The tokens have to be user tokens, not bot tokens.   Nuking   Nuking is the hardest out of all of these. A nuke is a discord bot that destroys all channels, all roles, and bans everyone. These can usually be found on Github. Though, you need a host to make the bot function (I use a specialised windows batch file for the bot). Unlike flooding, you will need a bot token. Bot tokens can be made at: "https://discordapp.com/developers/applications". Get the bot invite and send it to an admin. Once/if they add it, you can type in the nuke command.
